hey guys welcome to another audio
commentary this is OSL round of 16
tiebreakers in group and d matt grupe
groupies the July's are grouping and
this is the last match between Savior
and flash-frozen already getting dropped
out he lost two in a row and basically
comes down to who ones two in a row two
BD one plays be soo and who basically
and whoever goes one-on-one is going to
end up playing stork so the question is
so basically whoever wins this match is
going to face bc whoever loses match
it's going to face store frozen he's
already out of it because he lost two in
a row to both these players Savior in
flash Savior starting the upper right
hand corner in purple and flashes in the
bottom left hand corner and orange and
it looks like flashes yeah I was about
to say this is blue storm we've seen a
lot of kind of proxying on this match
he's going to send out a SUV it looks
like to go to a little bit of a proxy
here and I'm not surprised because this
is flash and he is kind of I wouldn't
call him an all return because I don't
think he's as creative with his cheese
but uh definitely more of a cheese
player and interestingly enough I
wouldn't even call that a proxy that's
almost hidden tech he's building that
barracks kind of out at the the mid
location on that ramp and I'm surprised
that he's doing that and we'll see if
Savior basically goes 12 pool or if he
goes for that hatchery pretty standard
I've seen Savior go for that earlier but
really I think he is going for that
early pool so it's going to be difficult
for flash and pull anything out here I
think that's been stronger for Savior on
this map being going zerglings and then
later directly into muta lists and when
he's been doing Wow going for very
actually no it looks like he was just
doing that extractor trick to get
another drone I thought he was going to
basically get the gas down and not go go
kind of heavy zerglings instead just
kind of doing that extractor trick and
I'm not even sure if that's out of the
range of that Overlord maybe we'll see
and maybe flash was counting on that
Overlord being right at that position as
that barracks went up to produce a
marine basically and catch that Overlord
and kill it and we'll see here that
would be very clever if that was his
plan and I have to admit that's really
really creative we'll see here though
because they're going to be some
zerglings so even if it looks like
Savior has spotted that out he's moving
his Overlord away from that barracks
so and has a second overlord out and now
six servings gun are going to be
produced and that's going to be very
dangerous in my opinion for flash
because I don't know if he's going to
have first of all that barracks not very
protected here he's going to see those
serling's coming and I think he feels
like screwed at this point he does have
two Marines out but even if he manages
yeah he's going to pull them back to his
base but even if he does pull them back
to his base he's going to have to steal
his front door and it's going to be
difficult to see his front door and
produce Marines and and basically do
everything he needs to do lifting off
that barracks he has that barracks in
that oh word vulnerable position and
here come the zerglings and in the
meantime he's not gonna be able to
produce any troops he really needs to
get a bunker or something down if he's
going to fight this off and I don't know
if he's going to be able to in the
meantime saviors just going to start
pulling zerglings into his base so flash
get really paying the price for doing
some of that basically going early
cheese on blue storm instead of going
through that middle and it looks like
Savior going through that top lane so it
looks like an engineering Bay down so
that is that looks like that is blocked
so Savior he's going to have to pull
those Earthlings back but in the
meantime denying that secondary to flash
flash not producing any forces that's
going to allow Savior basically to
either expand or tech up meantime he's
going to bring some more zerglings down
it looks like spring a drone down too so
maybe he's going to plan a hatchery no
he's going to go for that it looks like
he's just going to plan his second
hatchery at that national expansion and
I'm surprised that flash on basically
considering saviors prior behavior on
this bathroom surprise flash did that
maybe he wasn't expecting Savior kind of
back to those mind matches to try to do
something like this in the meantime I
Savior scouting out that s TVO's in the
bottom right-hand corner I think flash
still trying to dedicate some cheese
still trying to get a barracks out
basically we're Savior didn't see it but
that being spotted out and really a it
doesn't look like that engineering-based
finish doesn't look like it's producing
any Marines going to get a factory up
and I think what he's contrite ooh do is
going to try to build that factory
floated over and produce a vulture and
then send that back side into saviors
base really flash I guess it doesn't
feel like he can play Savior straight up
but a knowing saviors behavior looks
like he's going for a triple hatch
actually but I wouldn't be surprised if
Savior at this point but actually go
directly in a muta lyst goal air tech
and then a muta list from here that's
been
behavior whenever his his zergling
attack has been stopped and vultures
versus muta lists not a very good
combination for flash and it does look
like he is in fact going to lift that
off that was pulling out what those
Marines and that was a mistake a lot of
zerglings coming down and attacking and
wow i just going to shove to kill all
those marines and now wow what a huge
mistake by flash thing his front door
just cracking front door he'd I think he
underestimated the amount of zerglings
that save your hat say here now
attacking the supply line gonna have to
fend these everything these earthlings
off with his scvs now producing a
vulture but that vulture not gonna be in
time and ton of damage and there's Gigi
Wow okay so Steve you're d1 he's going
to end up playing be soo that's going to
be everybody everybody been looking for
that match and looks like flash is going
to be able is going to go up against
stork so Wow absolutely fantastic
everybody i've just been dying for that
matchup save your bee suit so yeah look
forward to it here in the next round of
the OSL hope you guys enjoyed that match
up this has been Davey with another
audio commentary talk to you guys later